---
layout: post
title: "sad thoughts"
date: 2023-02-03
---
i think about killing myself more than i lead others to believe. i dont think i would ever do it but i think about it a lot. i feel pretty worthless and dont really think myself or anyone else really has a purpose in life. david choe said comfort kills creativity and that resonated with me but i dont feel comfortable or creative. i think im curious and good at exploring things but i dont think i would like describing myself as a creative person. everytime i get a little bit of that creative syrup i feel like its drained by my peers around me. maybe thats the reason i started writing stuff on this site. 

i had a pretty bad breakup in october 2022 and its been eating me alive. maybe ill keep this post short and not write too much about it.. just metacomments and recent happenings. one of my friends brought up my ex while we were talking and everytime it happens i just feel like i begin to spiral. i dont actually spiral but im just filled with an overwhelming sense of dread where i want to yell at the person and tell them to stop. i want to cry and i think about for hours afterward. i think about how shes still alive and wonder how shes doing and cant help feel like shes already over it. i hope shes happy and i dont want her to feel bad but it certainly makes me feel left in the dust.

i got a job recently and that was despair. i freaked out after my interview because the boss was a passive-aggressive cunt and broke down on the phone to my dad. i havent cried in front of my dad so long because hes so shit at taking care of me. he was unsurprisingly shit at taking care of me. getting a job to a small degree makes me want to go to therapy and go to the gym. now im just stuck in a neverending existential crisis because i dont know what the fuck to do and i dont want to do the things that im doing. intuitively im pretty good at scoping out what things are going to freak me the fuck out and this is one of them. im scared of going to therapy and i dont think i should act like im not. not because i dont want help but i just feels like such a lame thing to waste my time and money on. i think at best therapy would make my life 2% better. maybe thats worth it maybe its not. you can tell im pretty conflicted by how redundant this paragraph has been.

i think about kurt cobains monologue "aberdeen" and wonder if im as good as him. if im in like the same kind of position he is. am i good enough to say i want to kill myself? i dont know. let me know in the comments below.

my body is probably the number one thing in my life that conciously has a hold of me. i have pretty bad anxiety but i dont really go anywhere. but im always with my body. i hate hot people because they make me feel bad but also appreciate the art of fashion and whatnot. the art of making me hate myself. sometimes i look the way i want to look but jesus christ when i dont i joke about what my mangled face would look like with a bullet through it.

i also feel very judged and dismissed with my opinions a lot. people are horrible. ive been called a narcassist but i dont see it. ive read the dsm5 and watched a lot of things on stuff like this. im pretty sensative to people attaching labels on me. i think im a hypochondriac sometimes which is funnily somewhat paradoxical/ironic. ive also been called deranged or too young and pretty much been dismissed and continute to be dismissed by everyone i know. and usually i wouldnt mean actually everyone when i type everyone but i think in this case its literally everyone. oh, people also say i steal my political opinions which makes me feel demotivated. people want to and do tear me down for absolutely no reason other than their own hunger.

i feel bad writing this. i feel like im trying to prove a point and i think i am. but i feel bad about it. i dont enjoy talking about myself yet im here talking about myself, to myself on my own website. i also am insecure about grammar and that way that i type but i hope it will get better over time.

i think thats all im gona write for now. i will probably write another instead of going back and editing this one if i feel like it.
