---
layout: post
title: "parent"
date: 2023-02-27
---

five minutes ago, i had a fight with my parents. this is one of the most confrontational things ive ever done, and they made it so hard. theres two of them, and they're my parents, which makes the power dynamic in the conversation twelve times harder to navigate.

i started off by telling them i wanted to quit my job. i was swindled into thinking i was working eight hours when in reality i was working twelve. this was followed by plenty of interference. they told me i was a grown MAN and that i couldn't live here forever and eat pizza for the rest of my life. besides me already knowing this, this is an extremely annoying and patronizing thing to say to somebody. im expressing a vulnerable opinion i hold about my existence in the world, and they choose to say the most boring human thought possible.

i enjoy embarrassing my parents. i fucking hate them. i hate them so much and i want nothing to do with them. i want to move out and tell my mom that if she wants to talk to me, she has to write an email.

anyways, after giving me a bunch of unsolicited opinions and advice, i told them i didn't want to hear their opinions. i told them that the things they were saying were irrelevant to the thing i was talking about and that they needed to stop. my mom then asked if she could give her opinion, and i said no. she then proceeded to give her opinion, which was just another nonsensical blabbering about how i'm a loser. i then said that i couldn't have the conversation anymore and went to my room to cry and write this.

also, my job did actually swindle me. this isn't just a feeling or something.

fuck you.
