---
layout: post
title: "sadthoughts"
date: 2023-02-03
---

i think about killing myself more than i lead others to believe. i dont think i would ever do it, but i think about it a lot. i feel pretty worthless and dont think i or anyone else has a purpose in life. david choe said comfort kills creativity, and that resonated with me, but i dont feel comfortable or creative. i sometimes think im good at things, but i dont think i would like to describe myself as creative or comfortable, even if i was. every time i do get a little bit of that creative syrup, i feel like my peers are draining it straight out of me in one way or another. maybe thats the reason i started writing stuff on this site. 

i had a pretty bad breakup in october 2022 and its been eating me alive. ill keep this post short and not write too much about it—just meta-comments and recent happenings. one of my friends brought up my ex while we were talking, and every time it happens, i just feel like i begin to spiral. i dont spiral, but im just filled with an overwhelming sense of dread where i want to yell at the person and tell them to stop. i want to cry, and i think about it for hours afterward. i think about how shes still alive and wonder how shes doing, and i cant help but feel like shes already over it. i hope shes happy, and i dont want her to feel bad, but it certainly makes me feel left in the dust.

i got a job recently, and that was despair. i freaked out after my interview because the boss was a passive-aggressive cunt and broke down on the phone with my dad. i haven't cried in front of my dad in a long time because he's so shit at taking care of me, and he was unsurprisingly shit at it again. getting a job makes me want to go to therapy and the gym. now im just stuck in a never-ending existential crisis because i dont know what the fuck to do and i dont want to do the things that im doing. intuitively, im pretty good at spotting things that are going to freak me the fuck out, and this is one of them. im scared of going to therapy, and i dont think i should act like im not. not because i dont want help, but because it just feels like such a lame thing to waste my time and money on. i think that at best, therapy would make my life 2% better. maybe thats worth it, maybe its not. you can tell im pretty conflicted by how redundant this paragraph has been.

i think about kurt cobains monologue "aberdeen" and wonder if im as good as him. if im in the same kind of position he is. am i good enough to say i want to kill myself? i dont know. let me know in the comments below.

my body is probably the number one thing in my life that i am conscious of. i have pretty bad anxiety, but i dont go anywhere. but im always with my body. i hate hot people because they make me feel bad, but i also appreciate the art of fashion. the art of making me hate myself. sometimes i look the way i want to look, but jesus christ when i dont i semi-sarcastically think about what my mangled face would look like with a bullet through it.

i also feel very judged and dismissed for my opinions a lot. people are horrible. ive been called a narcissist, but i dont see it. ive read the dsm5 and watched a lot of things on stuff like this. im pretty sensitive to people attaching labels to me. i think im a hypochondriac sometimes, which is funnily somewhat paradoxical/ironic. ive also been called delusional or too young and pretty much dismissed, and i continue to be dismissed by everyone i know. and usually, i wouldnt mean everyone when i type everyone but i think in this case its literally everyone. oh, people also say i steal my political opinions, which makes me feel demotivated. people want to and do tear me down for absolutely no reason other than their hunger.

i feel bad writing this. i feel like im trying to prove a point, and i think i am. but i feel bad about it. i dont enjoy talking about myself, yet im here talking about myself, to myself on my website. i am also insecure about my grammar and the way that i type, but i hope it will get better with time. and if i know you personally and youve read all of this, fuck you. in an endearing way, though.

i think thats all im going to write for now. i will probably write another instead of going back and editing this one if i feel like it.
